---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Beyond 2022

With the skills and capabilities we have managed to grow in house and the capabilities we have been able to source from
our OneLive, IRC and ScholarX network, our outlook for the future is as follows:

## Learning

Work towards improving the learning experience of Sri Lanka students by engaging in projects that will improve English
comprehension skills and STEM subject knowledge of Sri Lankan students. We would like to also explore the power of
artificial intelligence to improve the learning experience of local students with the ability to offer customizable
learning pathways to students that connects multi-disciplines across experience levels. Our mentoring program will later
be moved to a platform where mentoring can be democratized with the aim of providing every University student in Sri
Lanka with a personal mentor from industry or academia. We have also noticed there are subjects currently not taught in
school curriculums that are critical for employability. So we would like to work on creating content for these subjects
where any student can take these courses on proactively in their own free time.

## Research

We would continue to improve research in Sri Lanka, where our final goal is to bring Sri Lankan research to a stage
where we can compete with international research bodies. Our mentoring platform would be extended to accommodate
research mentorship as well as opportunities for students. These opportunities could then lead to scholarship
opportunities with guidance to apply as well as grants which can be used to do research within Sri Lanka without the
risk of losing talent to academic exports. We will also be encouraging research-tourism. A concept, where international
researchers would come and work in Sri Lankan research institutes for a short period of time. By doing this we plan to
bring in international knowledge and experience to Sri Lankan research bodies.

## Policy and Infrastructure

We would like to provide our knowledge to the policy making processes in education. Our experience in running this
organisation in the last 3 years as well as working closely with Sri Lankan students, we have a good understanding of
the requirements of the students as well as the industry standards. We also have a good set of Subject Matter Experts of
Sri Lankan origin from all around the world who are working in Fortune 500 companies as well as top tier Universities.
With our experiences and our networkâ€™s knowledge we would like to suggest policy changes to the education system in Sri
Lanka. We would also like to help make data driven decisions with the help of Machine Learning driving better education
outcomes.

We would also look into uplifting education infrastructure in Sri Lanka. Some examples would be to improve the internet
connectivity of rural areas. With our expertise in computer science and telecommunications we would be able to come up
with cheap and sustainable ways to extend cell tower range, providing internet to all the people in Sri Lanka. We would
also like to improve the standard of Sri Lankan Universities and Degree awarding bodies by creating a platform to
capture student experiences.

This would keep the universities and institutes honest and accountable to constantly improve their delivery and provide
exceptional service to their students.

In order to drive this vision we aspire to be invited to sit on secondary and tertiary education institutions Board of
Directors or as Independent Consultants to influence decision making with regard to education policies and
infrastructure.

